# cncjs_controlls
This is not an extension or a mod. Just a copy of the controlls any one can edit from within the program, but mine is populated for cnc work. 

## Why do you want this too?
What this offers you is a shortcut to a bunch of work I have done to setup my interface. 
In theory a person could have several of these files each with a unique configuration.

## What is the point?
It took me time to come up with a working controll pannel that existed with the CNCjs widgets. 
This will work for Marlin CNC users the best but other should be able to use it too. 

## Why is the file in a zip folder?
If I don't do this then the file might become hidden.
Zip insures you can access and download as intended. 

### How to use this?
- Locate the file of the same name in your root user directory.
- open it in a text editor, winmerge or visual studio code.
- find and COPY the entire value of secret from line 11.
- Save that string temporrary to a note pad. Copy the original file to a safe spot, even a zip folder if needed.
- copy the file supplied to you here in to the root level of your user directory.
- edit that file, as noted above, and paste in the secret value from your file.
- thats it save the file and launch CNCjs.
- all else fails reload your own file that you backed up. You did make a back up right?  
Sorry, some one will need to inform me where it lives on other systems.

### Why copy Secret?
Secret is a string generated just for your machine. Mine won't work. Trying to load a different secret value makes stuff break. I know this becuase across system wipe and reinstall this is what worked. 

### Can I still rearrange the screen and customize it?
Of course. This is just a launch pad, a share of configurations. Nothing more. 
What you see and how its arranged is still up to you as it has always been. 
Within limits exsiting of CNCjs of course. 

## Am I affiliated with CNCjs?
No. I am a user. I was a sponsor for over a year. But after development stopped, and I no longer recognized the last active listed developer, I stopped sponsoring.
No. None of the code belongs to me.

## Are you distributing code outside of licence? 
I dont belive so, this is a document that is generated by the compiled program. 
My vantage this would be like Microsoft getting angry when an excel file is shared. 
No raw code is part of this. No compiled code is part of this. 
